# Logistics



## Weekly Meetings

* **3 hrs** weekly meeting every **Saturday 3pm to 6pm**, refer to the general channel on slack for meeting location.

* **Attendance** will be taken. If you can not make it to a meeting, inform the Team Lead with a **valid** excuse.

* Each meeting is intended for the following purposes:
  * **Discussion** and making plans
  * Getting updates & feedback
  * Engage in **teamwork**
  * Conducting **experiments**
  * A little bit of social life :D

* For the majority of the meeting time, ~2hrs, are intended for doing actual work.

* You are also expected to dedicate **individual time** outside of each meeting.  


# Project Policy

**General Principle**

* Respectfulness and professional manner
* No plagiarism 
* Keeping good commitments [participation and keeping quality work]
* Taking care of equipment

**Kicking Policy**

​	We only kick out those of who have significant violations against our policies, or makes little commitments.  

# Group Divisions

Division of the team into groups with different focuses are intended for easier management and better teamwork. 

All divisions are temporary and subjected to change as we proceed along various phases throughout the year.

Normally, members of each group are expected to stay focused on the objectives of their own group, exceptions do occur occasionally.



Refer to the following link for details regarding our group divisions and development phases

​	[Team Plan Overview](https://github.com/TsunamiTTT/UCSD-QuadCopter-2018-2019-/blob/master/00.Non-Technical%20Resources/Markdowns/02.Team%20Plan%20Overview.md)



# Expectations

The following are expectations I have for each team member, they are **not** enforced. 

* Professionalism
* Documentation
* Scientific curiosity and rigorousness
* Avoid black box
* Coding step by step with meaningful testers
* Robustness in design
* Writing stuff down
* Keep repository organized
* Have a good looking hardware design :D
* Have some social life :D